# lawyerCompany
Our team…
Yelina Angulo is a founding partner of Angulo Diaz Law Group, P.A. Ms. Angulo's practice areas are focused on Employment Law, Foreclosure Defense, Bankruptcy, Contract Disputes, Landlord- Tenant matters and Condo Association Disputes. 
Ms. Angulo graduated from Florida International University with a Bachelor's Degree in International Relations and with minors in Psychology and Criminal Justice. Ms. Angulo then followed to graduate from Nova Southeastern University School of Law with her Juris Doctor degree. During her time at Nova, Ms. Angulo excelled in various areas. She was Associate Editor of the ILSA Journal of International and Comparative Law for two consecutive years.  Additionally, Ms. Angulo was the founding President of the Cuban American Bar Association Student Chapter where she organized several events to raise awareness in the community of minorities within the legal field. Ms. Angulo also received various awards during her tenure at Nova including making Dean's List and was recognized with the Honorable Margarita Esquiroz Scholarship. Ms. Angulo also interned for the Honorable John J. Murphy in the17th Judicial Circuit in Broward County. 
Following her graduation, Ms. Angulo became an Associate Attorney at a prominent South Florida Law Firm where she handled numerous cases in the previously mentioned practice areas as well as Personal Injury cases. Ms. Angulo has represented clients in Family Law matters and Foreclosure Defense matters throughout Florida.

Ms. Angulo is a member in good standing of the Florida Bar and the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida and is fully bilingual in both English and Spanish.
Jessica Diaz is a Partner of Angulo Diaz Law Group, P.A. Ms. Diaz specifically focuses her practice in matters Family and Matrimonial law, Probate, Contract Disputes, Domestic Violence cases and Criminal Law.
Ms. Diaz graduated from the University of Miami with a Bachelor's Degree in Criminology and a Minor Degree in Political Science in 2010. In 2014, she graduated from Ave Maria School of Law with her Juris Doctor degree. During her time at Ave Maria, Ms. Diaz became a member of the Delta Theta Phi International Law Fraternity, Women's Law Association and Immigration Law Society.
Prior to Graduating law school, Ms. Diaz worked as a Legal Intern for Miami Dade Police Department, focusing on Money Laundering and forfeiture cases. Following her graduation, Ms. Diaz became an Associate Attorney at a prominent South Florida Law Firm where she handled numerous cases in the previously mentioned practice areas. She has represented clients in family law, as well as various civil law matters throughout Florida.

Ms. Diaz is a member in good standing of the Florida Bar and the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida. She is a native of South Florida and is fluent in both English and Spanish.
PRACTICE AREAS
Family Law
Ending a marriage is traumatic, and the process can be very overwhelming. Each case is unique and requires an experienced attorney who can provide a creative and skilled approach to the law.
It is vital that when going through this process you are represented by an attorney who has the necessary experience in all areas of family law to walk you through such difficult times in your life. 
These cases include but are not limited to; Petitions for Dissolution of Marriage, child custody and support, division of marital property, negotiation and preparation of separation and property settlement agreements and issues involving visitation, relocations, and modifications of already existing agreements that no longer fit the needs of the parties involved. 
Frequently, separation and later, divorce, is thought of as a straight-forward process involving the applicable "divorce laws."  In fact, separation involves complex issues of finance and support, child-rearing, present debts and future obligations, property divisions and many other issues.  The lawyers at Angulo Diaz Law Group, P.A. practice and remain informed with respect to the broader issues that impact families in distress.  During the separation and divorce process, our Attorneys are ready to assist you and work with tax, bankruptcy, business and mental health experts, as well as other experts to provide the service and assistance each case requires. 
The Attorneys at Angulo Diaz Law Group, will provide you with the supportive, creative, and vigorous representation needed during your family crisis. 

Bankruptcy Law
Bankruptcy laws were put in place in this country in order to give a fresh start to consumers who are unable to keep up with their mounting debts and who find themselves in economic distress. 
We have spent years assisting our clients with bankruptcy filings. Through Chapter 7 or Chapter 13, clients have found a renewed financial future while ending the stress of debt and harassing calls from creditors and collection agencies. 
Angulo Diaz Law Group, P.A is a law firm committed to providing a sympathetic and patient approach for each client, making the process smooth and seamless. 
